Congratulations on getting through this lesson
on smart contracts for supply chain management.
In this lesson, we went over how smart contracts can work as
an extremely valuable tool for the management of supply chains.
After learning some of the basics,
you got hands-on and started outlining,
diagramming, and coding a supply chain for yourself.
Along the way, we focus on the thought process behind
developing an application that solves a real-world need,
and discussed all the code we wrote together in a lot of detail.
The goal was for you to feel comfortable extending this contract,
adding new functionality, and to be able to create
smart contracts for entirely new supply chains for yourself.
In the last few concepts,
you went through a series of challenges meant to help you think
through how to provide that new functionality to your users.
This was a huge step towards making effective applications to solve real-world problems.
If you'd like, take some time to experiment
even further to add as much functionality as you'd like.
That wraps up this lesson.
I hope you enjoyed working with the concepts and are able to confidently
tackle even larger supply chain problems using solidity in the future.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6